# Raw machine-generated podcast transcript, contains errors

Transcript of https://www.cdyf.me/muna generated by https://recorder.google.com

So welcome. Can you tell us a little bit about? What's your name? And how did you get to be here today? Yeah, thank you for having me. First of all. Um, I'm Mona Hassan. I did my degree in computer, science and Mathematics, and I'll be graduating this year. So, got graduation next week.

Yeah. And, um, How did you get into Computing? Can you remember your first experience of computing at school? My earliest experience with computer science was Doing like just before, like GCSE time, you had like scratch and you get to pick your options, right? For GCSE. And I just thought, oh, this is interesting.

And my computerised feature, he did a really great job, his enthusias and really showed you can remember the name. What was the name? She's name. Check your teacher. Mr. Mustafa. Okay, yeah. So he hits atheism really looked up onto me and so Uh yeah, it's quite interesting and then the Alan Toron movie came out the imitation.

Oh okay. Yeah and I wrote about this in my personal statement, right? Yeah. And so then that kind of got me into Cyprus and things like that and then I ended up going to do the national cycle challenge, right? Cchq thing, or it's not a, is it a government thing or a, it's hosted by the University of Southampton.

Yeah. And then the finalists get to go to, like, Bletchby Park to see the actual, like, where he's worked basically. And so, that was really fun, and that kind of pushed me forward into doing, uh, complete science. So did you did computer science as a GCSE? Yes. Did you do it as an a-level?

No. And that was such interesting. We don't need to do it as an a level. Yeah. But, You chose, what did you do instead? And why, why didn't you do computer science? Well, to be honest, I was quite confused about what I wanted to do in the future. I had one clear classroom, which is matte and so I did mathematics a level I had biology and chemistry right.

Just to widen my options, right? Uh, because I'm still like I have no idea what I was going to do. Deciding. Hmm, Dentistry seems interesting right and I got into dental school but my covet happened and then that's when my fate changed and they took back the offer because we don't set our a levels.

And so I ended up having a look how I actually wanted to do and it was mathematics. And then I rediscovered my passion for complete, because my dad did complete science at University, okay? So I found like an old Java book in our house and things like that, so, right?

And that's interesting. So did they stop recruiting dentists that year? Did they just not take any dentists on, or was it because that they, you hadn't sat because it was Yeah. So They, they just changed their mind about how they were going to take on new dentists. It was my grades.

I was given, um, wasn't my predictive grade, right? So I ended up having to do my math, a level again, right? Okay, right with you. So, um, right. Okay, good. So um, And that brought you to study here. Um, You. I'm not because you actually went to school in Manchester so I guess it wasn't that much of a shock coming here, which is nice.

Yeah. Um But I guess maybe. One of the things you had to adapt to was a different style of working to doing a level. So did you have any, how did you find that transition from High school sick form to. Uh, first year undergrad first year under virus, I think one of the most challenging times when we academically, right, it was a huge change from a level.

It was a lot more independent work, right? And I hadn't done. Um, Programming in a very long time. And so to come in and do like a, Python, like course, with all these courseworks still trying to figure out what, what is going on, and I had a mark with it, which didn't help at the time because around the end.

Yeah. Yeah. So it was very confusing. It felt very chaotic. And then I didn't really come to campus because I got covered as well, right? And so there was a lot working from home being housebound, I guess? Yeah. And then actually having covered as well, right? Okay. Right. Oh, that sounds rough.

Yeah, it was so rough. Uh, but I think so you started in 2001. Is that right started your degree in 2001 just as the pandemic Kicked in towards what it was. The end of 21. Wasn't the beginning of 2020. Yeah. Um So, Yeah. You you what did you do?

So you finished your first year at University? What did you do in the summer? Did you did you have any plans for the summer as to what you were going to do at the end of the year or yeah. Um Thing was trying. Familia familiarise myself more with competing, right.

I think the Java course in second semester really helped, right? Because I was actually going to switch to do mathematics only right. But then after that, Java course I was like actually I think I've got it in me. Okay right yeah. So I ended up doing the Have the one of the online.

Oh, this is 50. Yeah, yeah. So then that really helped set more foundations that I felt like I needed. I think it's quite tough for math. But for your degree where I was quite tough because you're judged as a mathematician by the mathematics Department where you're compared to people that are doing single owners, maths, I mean computer science.

You're compared to people in computer science. Yeah. Most of whom are doing single-owners, computer science. Yeah. So you're kind of you fall between two stalls, a little bit, don't you? And you're kind of expected to be at the same level as the computer scientists in computer science and the same level of mathematicians in mathematics which is

Yeah, I think. It's nice to have a flavour of both, but you definitely feel like an imposting book, right? Don't belong either. But yeah, exactly. Yeah, that's interesting. So did you have so I guess you you did cs50 over the summer. And that was sounds like that was a that was A good experience, sort of bolstered your confidence and you're doing the right degree basically.

Yeah, exactly. And then I did got familiar with a few more. Technologies. Right? How to look at react, right? More web-facing. Projects which really helped because I was looking for placements in second year. So I got so you decided already did you decided before you came that you wanted to do a place or was it something you made some people make the decision along the way but you've decided before you came here, I'd like a replacement.

Yeah. I always knew that would be important for me in deciding what I wanted to do in the future, right? So until you started looking at the beginning of your second year, I guess you were looking for a placements. Can you describe what?

You encountered. How you overcame them? I think I feel like I was, it's kind of funny. I feel like I was wholly unprepared for the job market. Because, I had no idea how to even apply, right? Yeah. I didn't know what they would look. Well, I hadn't done that much research and it's very different to for University.

You just fill in a ucas form. Yeah. And you're done. Yeah, right. Personal statement? Yeah, that's it. Whereas applying your jobs is very different, isn't it? Yeah. No one around me. Had really applied for a job. Back. And so I didn't know that there was multiple stages. That was a huge doctor, right?

Yeah. And so, um, coming to like the careers talks career fairs all of these kind of things and having Good support system like my friends and especially like me Duncan. That really helped me understand like the process. How to prepare what my TV should look like. And, Maple I think, oh, sorry gone Mabel.

Yeah, she really really helps me. Like I was, I think I must have been emailing her almost every other day. Yeah, she was a significant money. I think, the other thing is I get the feeling that in computer science and maths. You tend to bond more as a cohort because you're a well-defined group of people, whereas people studying computer science is a massive much bigger group and sometimes Really bond in the same way, they're a little sub parts to it but it's not the same sort of cohesion that you get in CN.

So I guess people on your degree program were also applying for placements as well you know I guess it helped a bit in all the time all my friends are single honest year students, right? Go to play. So you mentioned Asma who was here last year so she was she was one of your friends.

She was she was single on us AI, right? So she graduated it was last year, wasn't it? Yeah. Yeah. Um I have another friend called asthma. Who's a single honest? Yeah, she did the policemania with me. Yeah. So, um, How did you go about looking for stuff? And obviously, once you've worked out how to apply.

How did you work out where to apply? Uh, I think this is another area where Mabel helped me. She essentially gave me like a list of companies, right? And it's quite an expensive list. You working in Manchester primarily or were you not first? Anyway. Yeah, I think I was just eager to get an opportunity.

Yeah, yeah. So I went through that list. I started researching the company What the, what projects, they do, their technical teams stuff like that because I wanted to know what I can learn from this company. Yeah. And so, I went down the list and some of them, I wasn't keen on.

So, I just removed from my list, some of the last super cameos. I was, I had an eye out for the open date or whether they even did a placement because not everyone does a placement. Yeah. Summer internship and no placement. Some companies don't offer either which is yeah.

Some companies do a 6-month internship. Yeah so it's not enough placement yet. Yeah. Okay, so you um, where did you end up working in for your placement unit? Uh, I was I ended up working in couch space, so they have an office in Manchester. I think that's where their technical team is based.

I was working with another University of Manchester United. All right. Okay. Yeah. So that was quite nice. Have a familiar face there. And what does, what does catfully? People haven't heard it. What does catch base do is because they're quite big, it's quite a big American company, isn't it?

Yeah. So their expertise is like, no SQL databases. Yeah, that's really what he's like. And your role was what you're doing within couch space specific other stuff you can talk about. I guess there's probably things you can't talk about but Essentially helping with internal servicing tools. So, for example, one of our Tools with a sizing calculator.

And so that's when we get customers who are new to couchbase and they have all this data that they want to migrate onto account space like insert database. We essentially tell them how much it's going to cost what resources, they need in order to make that Um, so that was one of the tools.

So um, I guess you kind of what were the main things that you? What main things you've learnt on placement and what was anything that sort of stands out is particularly enjoyable or rewarding from that year. Pink, this, there's so many things I learnt from that basement. One thing is it helped me strengthen my skills of the python developer?

I had to use python Hill and there, but to use in a professional setting was different, it was quite new. And then that writing tests as well, that was quite challenging. Something I had to get to grips with as well. I think one thing that was different but also challenging was Looking at having tickets, you've done, how many tickets are you going to be organising yourself in general?

Like getting to go to the corporate world working in a team having clients I'm trying not to over promise and under deliver. Yeah, you know. That's quite scary. Uh, so yeah. It's a very different way of working isn't it? University where you're you're sort of. You don't have a manager as such, but you're given deadlines, then that kind of structures your time, whereas Guess you say you're about to structure your time a little bit yourself and work out like what you're going to write in obviously in collaboration with your manager but work out which tickets.

You're going to work on. Yeah. And how long it's going to take and all that kind of stuff? Yeah, I think. Between the university is that you're more responsible for yourself. Any consequences are just on yourself, whereas working in a team and a professional setting, you know, that your team members are relying on you to do your job.

Well, and if something breaks, it's quite stressful. Yes. Yeah. Especially if there's a customer involved and it's even more stressful. Yeah, exactly. So it taught me a lot of responsibilities, right? And I will have that culture shock when I like work in the future now. Students is, I've always assumed that there's a transition from being a student to being professional, which is challenging, which it is.

But some students have said, actually they find their transition from being a professional to being a student. Again is As hard sometimes harder because you've got used to weight this way of working working in a corporate world and then suddenly you come back to University and it's all different all over again.

Did you find that difficult at all? Or I think? Me, it was just like I had a structured work routine, like go to the office eight, come back. Whereas in uni you have like, a sense of freedom again. So it's just like, yay. I'll wake him up. 11 A.M and then your schedule to go through.

And so I think trying to maintain that schedule. Keep me on top of my work again. Yeah. And knowing that, you know, no one's really relying on me. So I have to push myself. Right. And it helps when you've got external people like yeah or manager or customers, or whoever it is to sort of Yeah, ask you to do things.

Yeah, it does help. Yeah. Okay. Good. Um, so you're back at University now. Um, Can you tell us a little bit about what you feel? Finally your projects. So what was your project and who supervised it? So I was surprised by Francisco Lobo and my project was on formal concept analysis.

Which is like the mathematical framework, but I applied that to recommender systems, right? And I was motivated by the fact that I get decision, fatigue, personally a lot. And as we have so much information to send our way, consequently like, what really should I watch? Well, we could just scroll on Netflix but for hours, you know?

So I thought I'm gonna put in my personal. If you make a recommender system using this framework for like everything or within just in a specific domain. So is it recommending say just movies? For example? Yeah just just movies. Okay. Yeah. And then seeing how it performs um against what's already out there.

And then incorporating like a few measures just to see how similar different items are, which measure is the best, and they start to peel that players and realise, what recommendations can be complex. Yeah. And so, I think I had a bit of fun with that one. Is kind of quite interesting because very topical in a way, isn't it?

Because recommender systems are what drives a lot of social media as well. And it's sort of sometimes, they don't always recommend. The right thing or they they might recommend the thing that makes the company, the most money as in clicks. I guess in your case, your how did you tune it to recommend you movies that you were actually interested in rather than ones that Netflix want or whoever wants you to watch?

This is actually a good question because this is how my recommended system work. And so what it does, is it finds users are similar to you. So users that have like the same movies as in the past, always past a specific threshold. It's not recommend those to you and then you can rate that and then it starts to build up in it, so it's like the idea of collaborative filtering.

So if you trust somebody's opinion on a film or you think you value their opinion, you can sort of express that in your model. And then it takes that into account when it's recommending your film. It's not just saying random user a like this. So we think you'll like it too.

It's like, well, my friend actually recommended that so it's more. It's more General than that. I think it's just users that have liked had a similar like history to you in the past, right? Okay. It's kind of like, um, if you have two people and you're like, oh this person had a similar pace palette to you as I do recommend a singing restaurant, right?

Hoping that they might like it and then you can get their feedback right? Yeah. So it sounds like enjoyable sort of project to get stuck into and because you've got you immersed yourself in that in your final year by sense of things. So, Yeah, okay, so that's that's brings us up to The end of your degree, so you're graduating.

We'll see you next week. Two weeks. Yeah, two weeks. Two weeks time, isn't it? Um So, We love what's welcoming you and your family here, hopefully to to celebrate your graduation. And the next part is called minority Report. So if there are any minority groups that you identify as being a member of, What's your experience been as a member of that minority group.

And what could employers and universities do to make Make it better. I will learn Tech. I'm also a Muslim in Thai. And also part of like the black community as well. So it's quite the combination. They call it. They call it intersection a social psychologists. Call it intersectionality, where you've got.

I think it's called intersectionality, we've got multiple things. So like if you're just a member of one of those groups that's one thing where actually being a member of three of those groups, makes it much more complicated than if you. One. So, um, I like to pull it triple front, you know?

So, um, I mean, we I think I think it's about 20%, female undergraduates in computer science, something like that in community in Manchester roughly. So that sound about right? It looks about right, it looks about right. So I guess you probably know a lot of the women studying computer science because it's quite again, it's like CM court, isn't it's quite well to find group.

What could well, what's your experience been? Has it been have there been any bad experiences that you know? The university could do more to improve or and or employers could do to make better. I think this is actually like a good point of the University where I've never felt out of place.

I think the university has especially societies, do a good job and University. Does a good job in supporting those societies as well. Like the women in Tech Society and then also like there could be site society hosting. Operation with these Society as well. I think it's important. Um, that they highlight this which they have been doing and I've been able to go to events.

I think it's quite nice. Have you like Unix? For example, it has quite a lot of women. Running it basically, isn't it. So it's whereas the Department's quite male dominated. Yeah, the societies are much feel. Like they're a bit more healthier balance in terms of their, well, just gender balance for one.

Yeah, I think that's why I haven't felt the gender imbalance because I was part of the committee and I was like, organising, um, Lot of events for like students and things like that but also one of our chairs With a female like a woman. Uh, and we had a mail chat, so it's like quite balanced, and then the teams as well, everything was quite balanced.

And so I've always felt included. I've never felt out please. I think the first time I really felt that was on my placement when I walked to him the first day and there's 10 of us placement students. And I was the only woman of colour Muslim. And so I just think it's really interesting because on in Kilburn we have like a multi-faith room but as a Muslim I can go pray.

Whereas at work there was no emotive room. To kind of explain like as I'm also, my daily players are very important because my part of my life and so I had that conversation with my manager. I think it's not something that he was aware of because I just don't think they have many Muslims.

I think I was one. I'd like to He was very accommodating. He was like, oh, that's great. They did. Because they knew for them, but they did manage them. I think it's a sign of a good employers that they accommodate. Yeah, exactly. Whatever it is, that you need to succeed.

Exactly. And I think hopefully, they do Implement something that feature Muslims or Muslims in Tech can, you know, feel comfortable with because I think. Yeah, I think we did a good job with that one. I just don't think they've come across it before. Yeah. Yeah what about and then one other two other groups you mentioned being Muslim and being black anything about that that the university or and or employers can do to make it.

Attractive and also not just to make it more attractive, but to keep people there once they're there, right? So, I guess some people will Try it, and then leave and never come back again, right? So, this isn't for me. I don't belong here. Yeah, um, Uh, Yeah, I think.

I definitely having events is a good thing highlighting. Um, Like Black History math is also something quite nice Significant black figures in history who have contributed towards public science. Would be quite a nice thing to do as well. And I think, just, In terms of other, like, having friends from a different backgrounds, it's not something the university can help.

It's really who applies to University, right? Yeah, yeah. Um, So it's quite challenging from the University's point of view. But from a student perspective, I would say Uh, do your research when applying that's definitely something. My placement taught me like the environment matters a lot. Being in a Multicultural environment is important to you.

I think you should Really kind like that in our job search which I did for my graduate world right? Okay good. Um, Okay. Um so uh the next question is moving. Also talked about about minority boost. Next one is To finish off with is One tune one podcast, one book, one film.

So let's start with one two. Is there a piece of music that use important to you that you recommend or listeners, go and listen to, and say, a little about why, why it's important. Uh, don't look back in Anger, right? Like always,

That's no, it's a I think it's quite a calming tune. Um, I used it, I still deal with a lot of internal pressure with like my performance academically, like my work, but like my attitude towards my work. Um, which I think when I listen to it, it's quite calm.

And I've, at least a lot during two cities, right? Yeah. So it definitely holds a place in my heart. And it's coming around again. Isn't it? Because they're playing in Manchester this summer? Yeah. Having been like showing my age here but I can remember them playing in Manchester 30 years ago.

So, it's come full circle. Yeah. I like the, um, yeah, good. Okay, so, don't don't look back in anger, is the music? What about podcasting this and the podcast? Much, yeah, I love podcasts, right? Uh, my favourite podcast is Rotten mango Rotten mango okay? Yeah, that's come up on here before actually actually two twice, so it's a sort of True Crime is that, right?

Yeah, it's true crime. It can be quite explicit by the trigger warnings, right? Um, but it's it's just amazing, right? It's just the reason that the quality of the podcast, the FTC has above the host is all of it. It's really good. And she's been doing it for a long time as well.

Haven't she, I think about years. I think so. Rot mango good and um a book that you recommend people read

Manuscript her job. And the manuscript is about the ancient Persian poet called them and his teacher Shams. And John's kind of walks them through, like the 40 rules of love and you get to see We get to see like different perspectives from like 30th century turkey, right? And so you see lives through a beggar, you see life through a rich, man.

And it teaches me that there were different perspectives in life. Um, I think there's a 20 worth of love. Make it sound very romantic, but it's, it's really not that romantic. It's more about. Your own life. I'm looking within yourself and looking outside other people, not judging people but also taking it a bit easy on yourself knowing that you have a responsibility but knowing it's not the end of the world.

You know, if you don't need that kind of question, is it different perspectives on the same event, or is it different perspectives on different events? What am I saying? Because you got like a beggar and a rich man. For example, are they both observing the same thing happening? Or is it different things?

It's, it's different things. Um, if the Outlook on life essentially, Because the beggar, it's like all the people treat me so poorly because I'm a bigger and they insult me and things like this. And then the rich man is like kind of taking a lot of things for granted, but knowing that he could easily be in a position that is.

Yeah, okay, yes, I think it's a really good book, okay? And I wasn't aware of that because we're back to the back to the list. Um, Film of a particular film that you enjoyed recommend people go and watch legally blonde, right? Okay, yeah. That's such a feel good movie.

I just feel like it's funny. It also tells you you can do anything. You put your mind to And yeah. It's quite an old film Now, isn't it? It must be I think I've seen bits of that. Next one is, um, Good. Right. Um, so moving on to, um, I want you to imagine that.

A colleague of ours in the physics Farms invented a time machine that they've lent us. You can travel back in time to four years ago or just just under four years ago. Uh, September 2021, you can meet your former self. What. Or what advice would you offer your former self and fellow students about making the most of that four years that we've had?

This is a good question. It doesn't have to be perfect just get started, right? Uh, I think I was always afraid of making mistakes. Uh, which is Which really sets you back and programming. You just have to make the mistakes and then once you learn from them, you'll be more experienced.

Um, I I think sort of, that's, that's really interesting because I think, Academia tends to reward, Perfection, whether it's a gcsea level or degree level. Um, and you can get tied up in that, you know, perfectionism of wanting to do it perfectly where it's actually like. So with programming in particular, you just helped us to launch into it at some point.

Yeah. Get going. Yeah, exactly. Otherwise we'd be paralysed and you don't make any progress. So yeah, definitely dealing with perfectionism. And then a second thing I would say is uh, do spring insights, do more hackathon, right? The more important than you might think, especially when you come to second year and you're trying to apply for internships.

You think oh like what do I actually have to put my CV, you can put your courseworks but I think hackathons and things like that are just a lot better for your own experience and also showing that you engage with a wider Community. That's yeah. I'm like I saw that you probably see it doing cs50, probably helped you stand out a little bit in second year because not not, everyone's done that as a course.

But you've done. You've done quite a few things because you think you were involved in organising, student hack. Great Union. You do get involved in that a bit. Yeah, so I started organising student hack. Um, I also organise great uni heart over the past, like two years, I would say,

Good experience with it. It's quite a good way to Work out what hackathon's about yeah, before actually doing it. Yeah. So you can see you can observe what other people do and then then when you do do one yourself, you kind of know what's going on and you know, how to get the most out of it.

That's very good actually. Yeah. If you're like, starting out, I'd say like volunteer to do like help a hackathon and then you get to see everything on the day how it works out and you can actually talk to people about their podcast so it can give you ideas as well.

And so yeah, definitely have to find a huge thing, uh, spring insights. I would say just to understand what companies are out there. Because I think for me, I didn't understand what tech companies out there. What you can actually do with tech. There's a, I just kind of likes.

Yes, I was like, oh, you also degree

Overings and it's like, multiply what do I do? But there's actually sometimes. Yeah, yeah, okay good. Um So, actually you mentioned, um, you're talking about, we came in talking about, you did a my is it a Minecraft hackathon? That looks interesting because it was a, it wasn't just computer science, was it?

It was, was it materials as well or something, it was, uh, I think there's a mechanic can look like engineering and mechanic kind of thing. Yeah, yeah, it was, it was a good event. Uh, we actually had to design a Fusion reactor in and design it in Minecraft, right?

Yeah. But then, we also assigned a country and we had to understand the like applications to that country, the energy demand.

Technologic technologically, is that country. Um what is the labour going into making a fusion plan in that country? I think I learnt a lot about Malaysia because we were from Malaysia right? We didn't get to choose the country you just you're just giving one. So I think that was part of the challenge but I had a lot of Malaysians on my team so I ended up reading about their nuclear plans and the law as well.

So I didn't expect to be doing that. I suppose a fusion reactor So you kind of have very high demand for power. Is that part of it? Uh, they need a lot of, I'm not a chemical entrance. I could get this wrong, but it needs a lot of like hydrogen, right?

I think. Yeah, because I think it's like a reaction between neutrons. It releases that energy for people to use. Form of electricity. Yeah, I left that bit. So the engineers Yeah, okay good. So, um, that was, that was the Minecraft hackathon. So say, get involved in hackathon, anything else?

You'd recommend students to apart from Already mentioned. Oh yes, it's good. That you asked me back. Get involved with societies. I made a lot of friends through getting about the societies. You can go to the events by saying, take it a step further and apply to be on one of the teams on unicias or crack Chester.

I'm not sure if they're still going. Or beyond the committee. I think it gives you a lot of things to talk about in interviews, and good way to make friends and also because I was the events officer. Communities and I essentially just did the events that I wanted to do, right?

Like I wanted to go to Alton Tower so I just used a lot of money to go. Good, excuse so. And yeah, it's quite a nice way to engage and give back to the community. So I think I guess that was the truth for it. I mean, we focused on Tech societies which, uh, which are popular, but there's others as well.

They didn't have to be Tech. Yeah, it doesn't get involved with any any societies. Yeah, because we collaborated with like the game what game Society, right? They do really quick like really, really cool events. You get to meet more people play games and it doesn't have to be like awkward, because you can just focus on the game if you're not one for small talk, you know.

Yeah. But the other thing I didn't realise when I was a undergraduate is that you can. It's very easy to propose your own. So if you look at the society, yeah, nothing. There interests me just you set up your own. Yeah yeah exactly. And you don't actually have to get that many people on board to get some funding from the students union to have a society of

Yeah I think it's gonna get out three people and yeah shouldn't be too bad. Okay good. So um that's anything else. Any other advice for myself in covered societies? We've covered hackathons. I think. Just stay on top of your work. Yeah I left a lot of things, the last minute and it just stressed me out for no reason to just do the work.

That in first year in particular or okay, we had a lot. Of course there is a lot in second years now this is too much. There was a bit too much. Yeah. Okay, good. All right. Well um thank you. Oh no we haven't. The last question was um What your plants in the future?

Where are you headed next? Yes. So I have a graduate scheme with Lloyd for the next two years. I think it's a great way to kind of explore more. Uh because I don't exactly know what I want to do with pet with impact kit, right? It's one of the reasons why I chose the Lloyd's Graduate program.

So do you know where you'll be based or is it somewhere where you'll be rotating around? Moving to different parts of the country or Abby focused within the North West. So I most likely will stay in the Manchester office fingers crossed. They'll tell me this summer, right? Yeah, I don't want to go to Leeds!

At least got like in September, I guess. Or was it always? So you've got a bit of time to relax. Yeah, kind of recharge. Yeah. Yes, take everything in Okay. Goodwill, thank you for thank you for coming on the show. And, um, Good luck with Lloyds and we look forward to seeing you at graduation.
