# Raw machine-generated podcast transcript, contains errors

Transcript of https://www.cdyf.me/rosie generated by https://recorder.google.com


So Welcome Rosie, thank you for coming on the show. Could you tell us a little bit about? Well, firstly your name and how you got here today? Yeah. Um So I'm Rosie. I have just graduated from the University of Manchester with my bachelor's in computer science.

Um, And I'm about to go start my graduate program at BNY Bank of New York in in Manchester London, in Manchester production Services, right? Yeah. Okay, good. And how so how did you come to study Computing infer space? What made you think you wanted to study? Not for three or four years or however long.

Um, so, Originally, I was Oh well, since I started like really liking physics, Um, so like from Maybe when I was like 16 15 16, I wanted to do physics at University and I was kind of stuck on that like I'd thought through all the steps. Then, as I was about to enrol, for my a levels, A computer science teacher at my college came up to me and she was like Rosie.

You shouldn't do philosophy which was the third subject I was going to do. You should do computer science. They'll be great. You can like you don't need to come into all the classes. What was that? Can we name Chequer? Is it? Okay, okay, okay, right, okay, Aerosmith, she was fantastic.

Um, I for context, I had been. Ill for a while. And this was my first time actually, like going into a school setting for years. So the idea of like not having to go in. For everything that was a positive because I could like do a slow progression in.

So anyway, I was like, yes I'll try it. If not, I can just try it as an a level so you can personalise what other levels did you do with that Maximum physics, right? Okay. So, the classic right? Um, Yeah, and then literally if within a few weeks I was like, okay, I'm doing computer science now, right?

Like I like physics still but it was the logic because you've done it as a GCSE as well. Yeah. So this is like, really sort of first exposure to it was. That's quite a big step going from zero to Eiler. Yeah, I mean actually, when I actually went to high school, I hated I.T.

Like yeah. I, I mean, I think Kind of PowerPoint and exactly. It was like how to use Excel and words which I mean people need to know, but yeah, but it's not so like when she brought computer science up, I still had the point of view of like it's going to be similar to that, right?

Plus some programming Obviously. It is not. I know that now, um, but it was It was good, mine. It was a good day. Level good. So you enjoyed your anniversary journey, during doing the, a level that made you think? Actually, yeah, I'd like to do this more rather than doing physics, which is a great subject of study as well.

Yeah. You thought not actually computer science is going to be lawsuit for me. Yeah, right. Okay. So you arrived here, it's four years ago now so can you talk us through? Um, Your first year or first couple of years, I know you and any sort of work you did along the way.

So my first year paid work, I mean, yeah, academic work. My, my first year was I mean it was a good year. I did well but I was very much out of the loop with Kilburn. What should you say? Which is in Kobe? Are we talking? This was where we are with covid, we're 2001.

2021. Yeah, I think I started. So we're coming out of lockdowns, assembly. Yeah. So the first semester It was. You could choose to come in or you could choose to do it online, right? People were wearing masks. There wasn't much social distancing, but it was still like, people were away.

Why not 100 back to normal? Yeah. So I was wanting to come in as much as possible. To campus, but I actually I came into Kilburn maybe twice right that entire year. Um, Because I like, I would go to like lectures and like uni place and The engineering building was like the main.

Building, I would go to actually, but kilburn, I didn't know that there was a big lift. So again, I know this is a podcast where people can't see, but I use a wheelchair. So there's the little lift at the front of the building. There's a huge lift at the back of the building.

I'm not a fan of the little lift so it's very slow. It's very slow, get out. Yeah, when you change floors, you have to change lifts kind of thing, and it makes noise and Well, you can only get in by yourself, so it just it ruins the conversation. So yeah, I only came into Kilburn twice and I only found out about this big lift at the very end of first year.

And I was like, well, Who'd have thought. It would have been useful to know about that earlier, it would have but to be fair, it's like, I mean, it happens. Yeah. Then after that. Every of the year I was in Colburn like all the time. Right? But I mean like every day.

Most days, right? Okay, quite late honestly. So um, So, How was it adapting from studying a level, to studying a university with that, for you, I guess, maybe, an easier transition than some, because you've been Having to teach yourself quite a lot. Yeah, at home. Yeah. So so I'm making that transition to University, perhaps less of a leap than it was for some people.

Exactly. So, like going back, I'd miss quite a lot of high school taught myself a lot. So I was just with gcses The council funded, like 1 hour maximum per subject a week, right of contact, time, in real time with a human teacher, right? Sometimes I wasn't well enough for that.

So it would be like 20 minutes instead, right? Which isn't really much better. Like you can't do much with that but it was just To ask questions. I guess that's one to one I guess, is it? Yeah, nature of it. Yeah. You can get quite a bit done to be fair when it's one to one.

Yeah. When it's personalised then as well a little bit. So Teacher gets to know you a little bit exactly. You might do otherwise and then the rest of the time it was just Books. Um, is it the cgb books, right? That's that. Was like my godsend. So I would literally Just go through them.

Write notes. Answer exam papers yeah, watch videos on YouTube and stuff like that. That's how I set my gcses. And then a levels was like, Hoff in. Half at home, right covert happened. Everything was at home. I was well suited for that because I had had all of these years before that.

Yeah, already doing it. And then now, I also had friends who were doing, So we could talk. Yeah, yeah and It was easier than it hit up a beam. Um, study groups, kind of exactly. Yeah, yeah. Okay, good. And then University was Like I I suit like my learning style.

Suits the university is learning style with like the flipped learning approach, where you have videos, you write notes, you come in, you ask questions, you talk to people like, that's that's my jam, right? In during our first year at what point did you decide? I want to do something in the summer to like to you you were looking for internships at the beginning of your first year or was it did it come later because some people might know the minute they get here the start of first year.

I mean, not everyone. Yeah. But some people do and um plugged into that straight away. But most people it takes a while to sink in. So I I was wanting to do an internship in first year but then I don't remember my family talking to me because I was sending off applications and then they're like, but Rosie think about it.

Like if you also want to do an internship end of second year, Why don't you just like enjoy the summer? So, I did. And then second year, I had my first internship, right? And then was that, did you do like an Insight week? Or was it straight in the summer?

So I actually really struggled with. So I I sent off so many applications to begin with for. So this is now in second year like I started September October time. Me and my friends were all just sending off applications together and sending each other links. And I Yeah, that was that was not good for me.

I hated it. And it's quite demoralising because you can spend an awful lot of time doing applications, 90 of which you don't hear anything back from. Like the thing is for quite a few of them. I would hear back like my CV would get through but then it would be the The next stage, where it's the first interviews or like, it was a psychometric tests that kind of stuff, the psychometric tests or the, the video interviews where it's just A camera.

There's no actual person asking the questions. Yeah, that's a bit weird. Isn't it talking to a camera on your own in your bedroom and like you can see the count? Going down going down. And you're like, okay, I've got to fit like I've got to fit star into this one minute.

How it's like, how do I do that? You have 20 seconds to read the question and prefer. Prepare your answer. Remind me what star is for. People haven't heard of it um situation. Like the top action. Reaction result response. Yeah so it's like the the ideal interview answer. They say.

So yeah. That can help it help you structure an answer if your mind goes a little bit blank. Exactly. When I was doing this. I was tasked with doing this, here's what I did and this is these were the great things that happened afterwards. Yeah, that I caused, but like, anyway, those those video interviews, They were not for me.

So I think after you probably got better at doing them even though you found them, horrible, you probably got a bit better at just just doing that. It's quite a good exercise there was, there was one interview I think. I won't say what company just thinks. But there was one interview where afterwards, like I just, I went, I was at home home, I went into a kitchen and I was like, my sister was just like, I can't do it.

Like this is just not gonna work. Then she's like, why don't you just like not? I was like what do you mean not? Like, I need to get a job. And then she was like, but what if you just specifically found Like applications where, you know, if they're going to have this interview Right, or not.

Okay. And then Target the ones you, you know, you can Manage because I know if I have like a face-to-face interview, I'll do well. Yeah. I know my CV is good, so Like there. There's and I know I can do like hacker ranks and cheat codes and stuff like that.

You play to your strengths, right? Yeah. So I was like, okay, I'll try that. I also I went to an event, which is where I met the recruiter for pny. So actually, yeah. And like I was telling purpose, actually. And I'm not sure if I'd do that again. Where, like I'm telling the recruit to my, like, my way, I've gone wrong where I've gone wrong.

My weakest moments and interviews, but she was like, She kept in touch with me, she really helped me and I I got I got two offers from them actually like one for UPS in Manchester. One for soft bench in London, right? So I did the one in London that year.

Cuz, I'm not an Ops person, right? So I'm gonna ask you. So something honesty might feel a bit risky, but sometimes I think sometimes people do appreciate it when you're honest with them about like the worst thing in an interview sometimes is to pretend you know something you don't yeah because then you just come across as being But I think I it was actually fine because we were just having a conversation like it wasn't as if I was like in a formal interview.

Yeah. Like I was just like yeah. I kind of I struggle with this. Like what's your like do you know what like what's your application process? Yeah then she was like oh we don't do those actually right? Oh interesting. Like that sounds good. So it was it was a natural conversation.

So, and I guess it wasn't as if I was like Bad mouthing. The companies that do it. Cuz I understand why they have so many applicants that they have to The only thing is some human somewhere has to sit down. Well maybe there's AI involved as well but at some point a human has to watch that video and decide why this one they're inviting to interview and this one they're not.

I think that must be such a tough job. I couldn't do it. Yeah. I think at a certain point, it's just Like, uh, random almost. Well, not random. But mostly we're gonna go for little things that persuade you, that, that you're gonna have biases. Basically, yeah, that are gonna affect you, because You have to stop somewhere?

Yeah, but Okay, so you did uh so the end of your first year, you did uh, summer internship with BNY in end of second year and a second year So were you physically in London or was this remote? I was physically interested. I was able to stay with my sister so that was good.

My commute was like 20 minutes. Door-To-Door. Right? So that was excellent. Very good. Yeah. It all just felt like pure luck to be honest with that because like other people were coming in and they were committing like hours hours. It's like, It was like that would actually be held to me.

Yeah, I think that's that's yeah. That makes a big difference. So can you tell us a little bit about what your roles and responsibilities were at BMI when you were it was, do you say it wasn't opposite? Was this was software. So this one was production Services, okay? Right?

Then I had software engineering last time, okay. So what was Production Services? Um, Difficult. It's a, it's a weird role, you're kind of sitting between everything. So at the office, Like the actual Physical location of our desks, kind of showed where we kind of were. So those like sales, there were the physical like foreign exchange Traders behind us.

And then the the software Engineers like a few desks down, right? Um, and kind of liaising with all these people I guess. Yeah, right. So it's basically Errors will happen within trades. There's gonna be Pattons. In those arrows. And it was finding, why were Why were those errors happening?

Right. So some of the fixes would be like really quick, like Changing some static information, right? Um, Which isn't particularly my interest, but they kind of put me on. Side projects, that was. I found really interesting in the end because it was more about Some like a regulatory issues which other people will find boring.

However, I liked the drama because there was a lot of drama surrounding it, right. And it meant that I could deal with these logic issues that had kind of like fallen through the cracks. But like, Okay, so the the software wasn't doing what it should do cuz maybe somebody hadn't understood the spec or the regulation or whatever it was um, and then that could potentially allow Xyzed.

Xyz amount of money. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And So, it basically allowed me to think quite abstractly. Talk to a bunch of people that I don't think in town would usually be able to talk to And sometimes quite senior people, I guess. Yeah. And also just like It was such a range of people like Didn't necessarily like, I was speaking to like Traders that I wouldn't I I don't think like a normal.

Software engineering. In turn would necessarily talk to them at the bank. Um, Talking to like the quants team a lot, right? The sales people a lot like everything. And everyone that I could talk to, I had to talk to them, okay, introduction business, right? Cuz you get to see how all these different parts work and how they all fit together, which was actually really good because I had no knowledge about Finance.

Yeah. Whatsoever or trading computer scientists? Yeah, I mean, like I to be fair, my knowledge still is very not there, like they one? Well I mean you can do a whole do a degree in this kind of stuff. Yeah so it's not surprising like there was one day that

I'm gonna like we're gonna have like a deep dive into this like and he started giving like metaphors about like, okay, you have oranges and apples. You're selling them. What's happening? And I was just like, I don't know. Um, yeah. It was good. I enjoyed that that internship a lot.

So that was at the end of second year. Yes. So You came back after that, but that was your right project year, was it the year after that, or year after, that was project. So can you talk us? Well, I suppose two things really? So be interesting to hear about what the other internship you did was.

But also then, What your final year project was so should we do? Let's do finally a project first. So to contest a little bit about what you did for your final year project and who supervised that. Yeah, so my supervisor was Aphrodite, right Aphrodite collector. And it was a vision based project so this is completely different to what?

Yeah. Um, I honestly kind of polar opposite but I guess that's kind of maybe why you've selected it, right? Do something do something. But you never get a chance to do again. So it was to do with 3D hands modelling. So, it was my actual project was like, You have you take an image of a hand?

How can you? Accurately represent a 3D pan model of it including texture. And how can you do it quickly? So, we'll just be for sort of gesture Computing. Yeah. A device and exactly do something. So yeah, I had not done anything like it before and it's quite interesting. I noticed the other day that on Pixel cam, Google pixel cameras.

They got a thing for self time away. You hold your hand? Yeah, for you like I never even realised. It it had that, but I tried it a few times. It only works if you're very close to the camera, and also, if you're further away, it's which is actually when you quite like to use it, it's useless.

It's a great idea. And also like the background needs to be not. It's fuzzy a difficult problem when you get further away, I guess. Yeah, yeah.

Iphones. Now, like if you're on a call, like even on WhatsApp if you give like a thumbs up, it Do you like weirds? Thumbs up bubble, right? Like my friend the other day he did like I, I think he did, like A peace sign. And then it did like a celebration, right?

It's like I mean, there's kind of those those, it has its, they sound a little bit trivial, but there are sort of useful things. So it's like if you're in a meeting and you want something to happen like to record an action, say it would be good if you could gesture.

Yeah. Sort of device to say, right record that as an action or, you know, like my interest in it, initially was that I was wanting to do BS. I I've never I'd never done BSL before but which is sign language. Yeah British sign language but as wants them to do it as my non-cs module, I know that course is always massively over subscribed.

Is that true? Apparently it is if you can get on it I would highly recommend it because I loved it. You did it. So you did it in your final year? Yes, right. So I I guess is it because the class size is probably restricted to what 100 or something.

Well, there was 20 people on each class and I think there were two classes. This semester

People, it's all about using it. Exactly. And everybody by the end, everybody like knows each other's name and Yeah. Background story. It's like a good course honestly. It was I yeah I highly recommend that and you're meeting people like lots of non CS students. Yeah. Like they're all months.

Yes and there's a lot of like There are a lot of people who have jobs who are just doing it as a, oh, right, okay, as a side thing right to work. So it's like an evening class. Yeah, effectively. Right. So I've only done part one. Actually next year, I'm once you can come back to part two.

It's cheaper for alumni. That sounds really good. Um, Uh so yeah with my interest in the project because I was like oh this could be really applicable to To sign language. And I have big interested interest in like accessibility based things, right? And so I was like, okay, Get all weaves in.

So the hand gesture thing. What what did you manage to? How far did you manage to get with that for your project? Um, So, I didn't do anything kind gesture based in the end, it was More about texture and If I could. Make the hand model that already exists and is used by as a base model for all these other different Hand models.

How could I make that more? How could I make it fit? How could I make that model? Fit a specific hand, right? So that, like, Your knuckles showed instead of just it being a standard hand, right? With like Accurate kind of shape to you. Um, It's like, say, I've got.

Quite, I don't know. I have. Some people have like, very prominent features. Yeah. Yeah. How can you make that actually show up on, right? The hands. Is skin colour an interesting angle on this because I know, like some systems are, like, skin, colour is a massive issue, they won't recognise.

Yeah, certain skin colours. So, Me and my project Woody is, um, The basically, a lot of the models are exist. So, In terms of like talking about gesture, Like they won't recognise a black hand. So then it can't do gesture recognition right for a black guy. Um, its face is completely inaccessible.

Exactly. And then Because the problem is that all the training data, Is mostly white men. And if there are Any non-white people in it? It will be like three out of Hundreds. I suppose, I think it's like if you've got a finger missing like no, if you kind of, or you've got some kind of abnormality in your hands, somehow not like the training data just doesn't include that, right?

So I would be in to be fair. I I think it'd be cool if you could find a way to Kind of break down the data. So instead of it looking as Looking at it as a whole hand. How could you just look at singular like meshes, right? And then A mesh, didn't.

So when you say mesh you're talking triangles are you? Yeah so like the mesh is made up of triangles. It's like if These vertexes in the mesh of like an index finger didn't exist. How could you just ignore it, right? I don't know. So that's, um, That's we whizz through your degree.

So, can we talk about the other? Internship. You did. So you did one in London and you did another in Manchester in software engineering, right? So can you tell us a little bit about that? And how that was different to what you did in London? Yeah. So that was In the middle of my third year, I ended up doing One semester one year, took a year break.

Then finish off. It's like is part-time or full-time during, so you're working. You're working. They call it off cycle. Don't they sometimes they call an off-site. Yeah, that's where basically. It means you're doing it at a time of year when not many other people are doing it well in terms, usually they're in the summer or they're there for the whole year or sometimes six months.

I mean, this was with the other interns it was just that I had been End of my first semester of third year. So I was like, okay, I need to take some time out. Did you manage to complete the first semester of third year? And then come back a year later for the second semester, right?

Okay. So it worked well for me because I didn't need to do any exams again. Hallelujah, I know. Um because that would have been painful if I'd like gotten sick just before the exams as well, that would have been So you and your when you come back for your third semester you were just doing project then I guess.

No. And the last set of modules, right, okay, right. Yeah, so, Basically. In February. Like a year and a half ago. I got sick. I was like, okay, I'm gonna need to take a break. The only option was to take a full year or Yeah, you don't want to repeat the whole year because then exactly well, yeah.

Takes longer. So I was like, I'll take the year off, I'll figure things out, right? My health improved after a couple of months, I had I already had B&Y had already given me a return offer for the internship because they knew I wouldn't be graduating. Like cuz they were like, okay, if you can't come for The Graduate role, just come back for an internship again, right?

It's your pick and I was like, okay, great. Um, so that was already, what software are we working on? Is it kind of different to obviously different to what you're doing before? Was it more, it was Java spring boot, right? JavaScript? And it was very much software engineering to module that we've done that.

Um, It like, Loss of agile, lots of agile. Lots of jira. It was my first experience was in jira, which is like You can see the tasks? Yeah, you can see the flags to be like you need to do this now. Um, yeah. And that. So that was uh I guess you're interacting with less parts of the business at this point because you're you're just mostly software Engineers.

Yeah, Only really speaking to software Engineers, products, manager, or yeah. Product manager, or app manager, they were saying, right? Um, And then, Yeah, like it really, it was quite secluded. Yeah. Which is Why, when I was given the decision to like, pick one for my gradual, I ended up choosing the production Services, right?

Just because I like to be able to interact more with people. Yeah, right. Um, Well, I think it's it's worth saying you You kind of get both kinds of software Engineers. I think some software Engineers are quite gregarious like meeting and working with people others. A more introverted and would be happily just, you know.

Yeah, definitely. Doing that stuff. I think it just depends on the team that you're in. Yeah. Because I know so many people were like, very soft, like they're, they're in software engineering. Third team is like they do stuff together. They Ask each other questions, they help each other and like that is great.

And to be fair, I think my team at bny The only issue is that because it was split across. Many locations. So there's some people in Manchester. There were some people in India, right? It just means time zones. Time zones are really difficult. And it just makes asking for help difficult.

Yeah, yeah, which again isn't necessarily an issue but I just figured you're doing a lot of software engineering projects because they tend, you know, if you're working anything of any sort of size, there's a good chance you're going to have people who are either on. West Coast of America or India or like China or wherever, and you kind of that could be quite difficult to manage.

Sometimes like, it is something that does just need to happen, but I think I just preferred having Like a a wider range of people to ask and go to for help. Okay, good. So um, I think we've covered have. We covered everything about your degree. I think we have.

So internships on one way. So let's look at the next thing. Here is minority Report. So, Can you tell us about your experience of being were you a member of two minority and unrepresented groups? One is Uh, being a wheelchair user. The other is A big woman. So can you talk about your experiences of those?

And then also, Well, employers like BMI and universities like ours can do to make. Computer science software engineering more well better. For people with those from those minority groups, or from those underrepresented groups, Yeah, I mean I, It's It's a big question. Um, I have a lot of thoughts.

On everything and it's the sort of thing that I could talk about forever and ever and ever. Um, Like there. Obviously, there are not many wheelchair. Users or disabled people? Yeah. I mean I I hit me in graduation because I I thought wow I've been I've been to quite a few graduations and you're the first time that's been a wheelchair user in the graduation Hall really before.

Yeah, that's the first time it's happened and I thought Going to work because there was a, there was a stage very slowly and you kind of got a very long round. Yeah. As you left the stage, this lift seemed to go a bit like the water lifting very, very slow.

So, in terms of graduation, I So I was a past leader, and past coordinator, and past coordinator. Again, and I'd been in the hall before for award ceremonies, right? And so, Like, a few months ago, we got an award and I got to use the lift and I was like, okay I know how it's gonna work.

I know how slow it is. I remember yeah, you were facing the audience, aren't you? When you go down when you go down? So I'm on the way up, it kind of doesn't really matter because I guess you'll face it. I mean I was looking at really Up. So looking at the stage, but on the way down, you're looking out because that's where you're going.

That what was that? Like? Is real. Yeah. Room full of what 300 people or whatever. Like copy news. You come off the stage. Well, the thing is at that pass Awards I remember talking to Tom Carroll being like, this lift is slow. Like I don't know what to do about this and we had a conversation.

I was like I'm gonna just need to lean into it, like it just needs a we should say because people might not, it's not that far. Is it? We're talking what four foot yeah, five foot, maybe I wouldn't even say. I feel like it's three foot. Three to four feet.

Honestly, it's not tall and I mean it's just the way lifts. Are I think they are. Is it like? Yeah, you get on train stations and stuff that you wear. Sometimes they're a bit slow. But so yeah. So you have that that experience. I mean it's good to see that you could that you could be accommodated because I thought, well, maybe you wouldn't be able to go through graduation at all.

That was honestly

Since I went to my mum's. And when I started to use a wheelchair, that was like one. I would, I would just think about it on not necessarily a regular basis but it would just be like a what's gonna happen. Like how's this gonna work? Like if we don't get to go up on stage like And it's important.

It's like a, I don't know, it's a symbolic thing, isn't it? It's like, it's, it's a Line in the Sand, but a bit way. A milestone says, okay, I finish now, like I didn't feel like my degree was finished until Done the graduation ceremony even though it's just somebody hunting a bit of paper.

It's like it's a closure thing for sure. I I mean, I was just talking to my mum about this and I was saying how I didn't get closure for a levels because of covert and I didn't get closure for High school, right? Because of my health. So the last time I got no, there is no a-level awarding ceremony.

No. But like, get the certificate in the post, I guess, or you see your results online, you see your results online. But like, I know my sisters, like, they had like they they were with their friends when they got. Yeah, yeah. Don't stay. Yeah, with was it was just I think I was in bed.

Yeah, so like it just I genuinely I haven't had that closure since primary school, right? Finishing year six, did you have a graduation for primary school? I didn't have a graduation but I had to leave this party. Yeah, well we had to dress up as what we wanted to be when we were older, which was I was an Explorer, okay.

Yeah. Definitely not what I'm really doing now. Who knows? Maybe we're exploring the world of You know, yeah. Yeah. So um Where were we? So we talked about. So what, what can we, what can we do? So if we look if we focus on, uh, wheelchairs, what could, what can The university do to accommodate.

Wheelchair users better. Yeah. Um, And I guess BNY were accommodating and bny were accommodating and part of me so like there's I kind of think about on how there's like the individual level. So, you know, like a manager can be really supportive. And then there's like, the actual Company or organisation.

And they can have things put in place procedures, put in place, that can be supportive and then there's like the systemic What is society like? Yeah to, that helps. So, You know, like, starting from the individual level. Or maybe Department level even like there's, there's things like In lecture, theatres Um, this was always kind of one of my annoyances that I don't have a desk in a lecture theatre.

Um, I've just got my lap because it was just a space. It's just a wheelchair and I just there's no flip table or anything. Exactly. So I can either transfer, which sometimes I'm well enough to do that. Sometimes I'm not or I can steal someone else's desks based on the side If I'm not sitting with a friend that's a bit awkward, right?

But You know, like that's a, that's a little thing that the university could do. Um, In terms of, Whack. And Businesses and I guess universities, as well as being open to flexibility of People can't come in for any reason. Knowing that. There are personal reasons that yeah. You you can't control.

I mean I suppose. Kobe's had an effect where people are more seem to be more open to these sorts of things. Now, as in the past, it was a bit of a foreign idea. The fact that you couldn't come into work. You know, it's like, no, you've got to be here every day.

Yeah, until five or whatever, right? More a bit more accommodating. Right from home is Isn't just. It's not rare anymore, which is good for me. Um, Yeah, I mean For instance, like this last last week, That the weekend where it was really hot everything that I My so, I have two electric wheelchairs and a lift at home one.

My like big electric wheelchair, that broke, it's still broken my little electric wheelchair, just stopped working all of a sudden and then started again after the Heat. Okay. All right. And the lift broke and this was all in the same 24-hour period, right? And Like, I was just thinking, like, if When I start work, obviously, I'll be working in the summer because I won't have some holidays anymore.

Um, There are going to be hot days that something like that will inevitably happen again. Can you use a non-electric wheelchair or is that not an option? So, is it? So I, I don't, I could, I want to use one, but I don't have one so, and I'll be an extra expensive having to get by a whole another wheelchair exactly where to put it, but that's what I am.

I'm wanting to sort that out through. There's a scheme called like access to work, right? That the government will fund things to help people disabled people. Right? So that's that's one of my side things at the moment that I need to sort out because my my thought is If all.

These electric things are breaking that I rely on to get into work and then I'm having to tell them. That everything's broken. Part of me just feels like there's gonna be an element of disbelief and that's just my own fear but I don't know like three things breaking in 24 hours.

That feels like a lie, cuz it's so unbelievable. Um, But we have had some extraordinary, hot work working even, you know, it's not it's not hard and you get that kind of stuff and I guess, I don't know. But I think you'd hope the technology could cope with that.

Yeah, I guess it's I guess not but I guess my point is Just understanding that things happen. Yeah, yeah. And Wheelch has break a lot. And, It is what it is. You just need to be accommodates and do it. Yeah. This to this appointment today. There's forecast today was going to happen last week but this is when your wheelchair.

Exactly. Yeah, that must be quite difficult because Suddenly not able to do anything really? Yeah, I mean I couldn't even get like I couldn't Leave the house, right? For a few days. Be quite frustrating. Um, okay so that's uh anything else you want to say about disability that we haven't already talked about?

Um, I don't know. Okay. Should we move on to your experience of being a woman in gahooting? Yeah. So, Again, could talk about this forever. I, Obviously, there are not enough women in computer science. Like isn't I think Manchester like our departments probably. I think it's somewhere around 20%, which is actually pretty high like I think the national average.

Maybe a little bit lower but it does. It does tend to fluctuate quite a lot so it goes up and down. Um for example, before brexit we had lots of uh Romanian Bulgarian uh students who were disproportionately female because they have very strong mass education in those countries. So we had us probably historically slightly higher representation of women.

Uh, but I I think it's about 20, I think I mean It's up to check the actual data but it's around it that adds up to me. Yeah. So you kind of notice and I guess you've know all the other women on the course probably. Yeah. Because like you that you know their names or, you know, their faces yeah.

Which is saying a lot because Like, Like the, what's it called? The cohort. Each other. Yeah, because our small well-defined group in a much larger group and sometimes that can Help. But obviously, It's not good. That only one in five. No, it's notable. I mean, It's kind of, it's It goes back.

Like In times of like a levels, I My computer science and physics class it was both of them were like four or five out. The entire 25 to that. Class. And then, I mean my gcses were weird, so I can't speak on that, but even earlier than that, I mean to Primary school, the kind of some of these some of these kind of attitudes to Outside, our attitudes towards it, a sort of entrenched and not whether deliberately or not, Computer science is viewed as like a boy.

Thing, like, it's not. If you think of a computer scientist or a software engineer, the typical person would think of a man. Yeah. Um, And I don't know why at this point, because Like, Women enjoy it too. Yeah. I mean I'm a logical person. I I'm a visual person, like I I figure things out by like, By like, seeing how it actually works.

Yeah. Um, Yeah, it's There are other women like me too. Well definitely. Yeah. So yeah, I don't know what can we do? How can we? So just from a depart whilst from a just from a computer science boy, what could we be doing to make it more appealing? I mean it's already appealing to women, but how can you make it?

More appealing, I mean, to women to apply this, this is relevant to Disability things as well. And if we look at it from the systemic society, societal point of view, I think it's a Grassroots problem. Where if Children. Seeing themselves. In media or they're seeing like the maths is boring, and science is boring.

Or that they don't have the main things that they don't have access. To some good education where they can see that it can be. Interesting. Like that's it's gonna carry on for years and years down the line. I mean there's a role model thing in there. As I mean you mentioned your, your computer science teacher was female, which I don't know.

Like I'm guessing the proportion of computer science, female teachers, follows a similar Trend, I imagine. So you're kind of Having female computer science, teachers, and physics teachers and math. Teachers is, is I guess a part of that in That's where a lot of key decisions are made in school, isn't it?

It's about what to study. So, um, you know, get more people doing that that would help. I mean, like, in the UK, you decide. You do as what a 16-year-old really like it's when you're choosing your gcses or even earlier like what do you say she's doing? Like we were talking about triple science like a decision to do triple science GCSE they will be made a year nine so we're talking so that's 14 actually.

Yeah. You call off options at age, 14. So or maybe even without realising right? You might realise a bit later. Downline actually I mean, obviously some people don't want to do it and that's fine, but there might be, some people are ruling it out without realising. Yeah, I mean so I When I was choosing my gcses this was before, I had to like, cut it down quite a lot.

Yeah, I I wanted to do triple science. I think my options were like triple science geography. Textiles. And French, right. Um, I had to drop them all because of I had to do it from home and that isn't the funding for it. Um, We had to fight for the triple science to stay.

And it's like, it's knowing that if you didn't do that, triple science at age. 14, if you didn't say yes to that, then you wouldn't be able to do Physics. Yeah, or any sort of science. A level. To do a computer science degree. You need to have a science based a level.

Doesn't have to be physics. No, but chemistry biology. Yeah, I think. Do they say psychology is allowed? I think, I might say two. And very slightly but I think they might say two of maths physics, computer science, and chemistry, possibly something like that. So the third one doesn't matter so much but or I mean, the one is math is obviously important.

Yeah. But Mass plus one other science. And I don't know if biology counts I think it must do, I'm not sure. Okay. Um, it's all on the website. Yeah. It's, it's just like you, you cut things off at age four? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You make that big decision at age.

14 that you don't realise you're making. So is there anything else obviously getting women to study it in? The first place is one battle. Because then, when you get here, The Dropout rate, the well, the Dropout rate but also then that sense of belonging. How do you make this department?

Welcoming and making women feel like they belong here. Number there. You know. A you know as welcome and likely to excel here as any other student. I mean, one good thing. That the department does that me and my friends have talked about before is that like with group projects?

At least two women in a group. So there's it's either. Male or two facts on your own. You're never on your own. Yeah. Which I like that in my head has made things much easier. To do group work because It's difficult when you are the only woman in the room.

Yeah. And you're kind of fighting. To be heard sometimes. Um, Then again. If there were more women, then it would be possible for maybe the men to realise that they need to listen to the women. Yeah, in the room. Um, Like, it shouldn't depend on. There being other women to hold them accountable, if you get what I mean, but we are where we are.

Yeah. Um, Trying to think. On our our first lecture for my cohort, I, Automatically. As we were waiting outside like lecture theatre to be in uni place, I just saw like a huddle of Like five girls and I went to them immediately. We sat together. And then, I didn't see them for much of first year at all.

We just say hi when we were like walking down the street like in a lecture theatre, so we'd be like, oh hello. And then they ended up being like my best friends right now. Like, three years later, right. Like So, like I think that for the Women, who Studging, computer science.

I think it's really important to find them find a page. Yeah, support. It's important. Um, Talk to them, get help from them. Use them as rubber ducks. Yeah. That's good advice because it makes life easier, and also, you can complain about things together. You can figure things out together.

Yeah. Um, okay good. All right. So um, should we move on to you're the next Vice Chancellor? I've just appointed you. The next vice Chancellor of the University, and I'm tasking you with improving the quality of teaching and learning so you've experienced probably some good teaching yes and some less good teaching.

How can we do more of the form and less of the latter, what would you do? And perhaps not just from a computer science, fine. And you've had always experience of studying in other parts of the University, what could we do? Organisation to improve the quality of teaching and learning what people learn, while they're here.

I think. It. So, I mentioned BSL before. I think it'd be good if there was an encouragement to Use that. Extra module that doesn't need to be computer science or your degree to Go outside of your degree. Because I think, Like, There are many, like there are many different aspects of it but I think especially for Cs people.

It helps a lot to kind of get out of the bubble, the bubble on it. Yeah, sometimes it's a risk though, isn't it? So your it is a risk because you might Completely tank on, you know, you're judged by a completely different set of standards well not completely different but it's a different set of standards and it's a different grading system.

Unlike so for example there's a module on I think history of To science, which some students have done and loved and other students. Done less good at because it's all essays. Yeah. And like for some computer scientists I mean They struggle with an essay because they're being compared to people who are coming from Humanity's backgrounds.

Who Saving their sleep. Yeah. And uh, all of a sudden you're being judged against them and so suddenly, it's like, well, I'm interested in this and I want to do stuff from outside computer science, but there's a risk that It's going to pull average down. There is that risk.

And there is always that to think about. I mean, I As soon as I could do that. Nuns, yes module. I did it. So I think I did a B man, one. I think it was like Innovation and Technology. Which was It knows, again, I say basically it was you, it was a group essay which was weird.

It's hard work, but I did it with two of my friends. All right, so it was still weird but It did pull our averages group S8 work so you kind of write something together. Yeah, it's Just pre-chat GPT or post chat. I don't because I didn't really pay much attention to Tubidy at first, but, Now it's everywhere now it's everywhere.

Yeah. Um yeah. I think it was like, right at the beginning, when It was just. Yeah. Anyway, I did that, I did. M, sell like managing Finance, maybe in computer science or I don't, I can't remember honestly, so to encourage people to do these things because they're good, even though it might impinge on your grades, I guess you're developing a broader set skills which would be good.

It might, it might mean you get a lower classification but the absolutely you'd be a more rounded person coming out of the end maybe potentially. I think, okay. Okay, I'm gonna kind of shift my answer a bit. I think it's that there isn't enough. Ethics space things. In the degree ethics?

Sorry, ethics. Oh ethics, right? Okay so you do a little bit in first year. The group project. Yeah. Yeah, I think it is, but there's, there's lots of massive issues with ethics in AI, for example. Yes. And I think we touch it a bit. Maybe. Software engineering. Yeah yeah.

Two maybe bgms software engineering one that covers some of that and then ux covers. Yeah that's probably the the most, the module cover set. But I I don't know, I think There are satin soft skills. Could be taught more not I don't think you can teach them but just it's difficult to measure themselves.

It's it's less teaching them or even grading them. I think that's giving the space to practise. When I guess you've done, you would have done a lot of that through doing pass. Yeah. And the like, Although it's not part of your degree classification. The, the you would have gained a huge amount from just doing that.

Without probably even realising. Because if you've done it, And then you look back and you think actually That was really good cuz not only did I get to meet lots of people, but I got much better at communicating working with people from different backgrounds that sort of it. I guess, I guess.

Yeah, you are right? I mean, I would recommend. Anybody do pass, I am probably biased because I was part of it for Views, but it was. Definitely helpful for me. Um, And I know it's been helpful for many others. Yeah yeah. Anything else you do advise Chances? So encouraging supporting paths, encouraging people get involved in past, encouraging people to study, perhaps off the Beaten Track a little bit.

Not just do Classic CS stuff, but Of sign language special modules, I think Yeah, like I I was always recommend don't do that. Module is a CS module, like just I like I personally used each as a little brain break. Because yeah, it's like I I knew that some of them would bring my average down.

Some of them did. But it's just knowing that. There is. You don't have tons of content to learn. Yeah, and these extra exams at the end of For the semester. Yeah good. Anything else you do is Vice Chancellor? Then we I think we've covered that one probably um No, I'm good.

Okay, all right, good. So next one is, um, One tune one book, one podcast, one film. So What would you recommend our listeners go and read listen to watch? And why are those things important to you? So let's start with a tune. Um, okay, my friends are gonna laugh at me with this but Um, There's a song from Eurovision.

Like I think it was 2021 the guy is called Jean's tears and it's like, I don't even know how to say the song anymore. It wasn't, it wasn't the winning entry. It wasn't. It wasn't the winning entry, it was the Switzerland entry, right? And the song makes me cry.

Every time I listen to it. What's it about it? It's I don't even really know. I don't speak. French, is a nice language. It's a nice language but it just it it hits me hard. It makes me think about life. Um, It's like totally totally tall the universe. My pronunciation is terrible.

I know, um, but I guess sometimes it's a time right? Because that takes you back to maybe that was an important time. When you heard that song. Yeah. Like you were doing something it lodged in your memory. Yeah, and I have also, now realised that each one of these one, two in one podcast, one one film other than podcast, they make me cry.

So that might say something about me. I don't know. Um, So, um, I love that, then. So that's Uh what was the name? Sorry it was. John Jean's tears, Jean's tears. Okay, I'll find a reference so um, We'll add that to the coders playlist of tunes. Next one is, do you listen to podcasts much?

I do so, which would you any that you recommend that you just do. So this is, I mean, I, Got into physics because of a podcast. Um the infinite monkey cage. Okay. Yeah. So That was. I would recommend it to anybody. I mean to be fair people in CS probably don't need to listen to it to get into To stem because they're already in stem.

Yeah. But it's funny. Um, It has you've learnt some fun things so you sort of mix it up down there. So there's some serious physics blended with some comedy usually isn't there, so it's not all it's kind of bit of both. Yeah, I mean for me, I only started listening to it.

This is a, this is a bit of a tangent but it's the reason why I got into stem. So, Stopped being able to go to school because of my health. I talked to an offstead inspector who was inspecting my high school that I stopped going to, because of many reasons and she told me And I I always think about her because she told me that I should just not bother with school and going that.

It doesn't matter for now because I was in like, year, eight year, nine, right? Um, and she told me to instead just listen to BBC Radio 4, right, and See if I find anything interesting and just listen, Follow your nose, kind of thing. Yeah, and Like, There's interesting things about just that I would figure out.

Yeah, yeah, so I did. I listen, I ended up pairing infinite and you still listen to it? Now, I still listen to it. Now, I even went to one of their recordings, right in London, in London. Yeah. So Robin inch and Robbins and anymore, other guests that they have, they have like, they have just random people.

Yeah. Lots of beauty of it, I suppose Serendipity. Yeah, so that's forecast. Um, one book nude fiction non-fiction, doesn't matter? Um, it's a fiction book called Um it's Swedish originally spelt UVA o v e o v e okay yeah um It's about. Elderly, man, he's actually not that old.

He's like in his 60s, but in my head when I was reading it, he was like, 1890. And he's kind of. Lost. He doesn't care about life anymore. There's, He wants to die, basically, but then It's about like, community and neighbours, and What made him kind of lose the story for life?

And it makes me cry, right? Okay, sounds interesting. It's a great book, right? It's my favourite book ever. So that's one book and the author was, uh, do you know what kind of the old name? We can look it up but if you don't, it doesn't matter a man called Hoover.

I'll find it from them. I'll put it out. That's okay. Uh, last one is one film. One film is the wild robot. The wild robot. I think it came out last year, right? And again, it makes me cry. Yeah, there is a theme, um, Uh, when I watched it, I just cried silently for the majority of it and my friends just commented how they just saw my like shorters Um, what's it about?

It's about A robot who doesn't fit in with the other robots, right? And his animation, we're talking animation. Is it a Pixar? I think, Yeah, it's I think it's Pixar or it might be DreamWorks rings a bell. I, yeah, I think it is Pixar. But it's just how he fits in with nature more than It's robots.

Yeah, I mean You don't really see other robots, it's just kind of him, right? And It's just, it's a very sweet film, right? Um, okay. The wild robot, the wild robot. Yeah, thank you recommendation. We're gonna have a look at that. Um, The next one is then time traveller.

So and this is quite a big question. I appreciate. So, uh, Is you can? Uh, College in the physics department, have lent us their time machine, you can travel back in time to meet yourself in 2001, arriving here. Starting a degree. What do you tell your former self? About how to get the most of their time at University.

Um, ask questions. Ask people. For help. Make friends. And like I know that sounds standard. But, I struggled with confidence in first year, I think that's why I was just Kind of isolated a bit from computer science for that entire year. Yeah, like I did my work. I got my grades.

They were good but I didn't really interact with. Yeah, people you saw sometimes you have to sort of deliberately force yourself to do it. Yeah. And talk to strangers that you haven't spoken to and you sort of have to go into a different mode sometimes to do it. Yeah, it doesn't always come naturally.

I think cuz I had spent so long learning stuff by myself. Yeah. I think it took a while for me to And I think probably a lot of your cohort will probably in the same boat, right? Yes. They've all been studied through covid. So they're kind of, you know, you become a bit self-contained and actually stepping out of your Zone a little bit.

Could be a bit scary. Yeah. Asking. For help and talking to people. I mean, It's The only reason why Like probably have this grad job to be fair, because I mean that was because someone came up to buzz in the Su and it was like, oh, there's an event.

Do you want to sign up for it, right? This wasn't this wasn't a BNY, then this is something else. This was I think it was like it's not just the boy, it's not just. Oh okay, yeah, yeah. Um, and we'll begin like that. All right. Okay. And so, We?

You had to. I didn't realise that it was like, There was an interview for it, right? Which scared me a bit because I had been struggling with those interviews. Yeah yeah yeah but this was a face-to-face it was yeah it was over the phone it was fine because I mean they want people.

Yeah I mean I guess that's the thing to remember about interviews as well is that they Want people. You know. And the worst thing that can happen in an interview. If you think about it is that you decide it's not for you. Yeah. They decide you're not for them.

And You still learn something, even if the answer is no, exactly. So it's not always, you know, A bad thing. If the interview doesn't go the way you might like, Yeah, I would say to just talk to people because if I hadn't talked to the recruiter at that event, then I wouldn't have applied to BNY, which you wouldn't have.

Like, she called me after each stage of the application. Process. And It was good. I, my friends are only my friends because We talk to them. If you don't talk to them, you're not going to make. Um, Yeah. And same for like lecturers and professors if you don't ask them questions.

You're gonna struggle with what you don't know. And I know sometimes lecturers and professors. A busy and don't always give you the time they can, but they do have juveniles. We do have open hours. I think actually. People like to be asked questions about. Whatever it is. They're trying teaching beyond the.

Do you have the seats code? Ask me something interesting. It's useful for them to know where people are at, right? That's research. There's not a conversation. Then it's, it's harder for the person who's teaching to know where are people at with this sometimes? Yeah, well, obviously, a big lecture theatre is not the most Of environments, but You can catch somebody after a lecture, you can.

I mean you can also just ask on blackboard if you're really that. Don't want to do that. But face-to-face thing, I mean, I, I One of the most beneficial things was having a friend group that, If you're struggling with coursework or You're doing revision. You have people right there who you can just be like, what does this word mean have completely?

Yeah, yeah, forgotten well, this problem makes no sense. How did you do it? So, that's good advice. Talk to people, ask for help. Yeah, and I guess the same the same thing applies in the workplace as well is like when you're going into a workplace Talking to people that you may not, you know, just kind of understanding what they do and Asking them for help because there are lots, there's a huge amount of expertise in a big organisation like BMI where people though can help you.

Yeah, and want to help you. I mean, because you're on their team. Now, I guess it's the same for like a small company and a huge one like BNY cuz I think bny has like Thousands of employees. Yeah. Um There's always gonna be people who want to help. So, you just need to find them.

There's also, I mean, I wasn't really much of a fan of thinking about networking, but there is the element of If you don't. Ask. People things, or if you don't talk to people, Or not talk to talk with people. They're not gonna know who you are. So, There's that element as well, which feels a bit.

It. It doesn't really come naturally necessarily if you can think of a good question though that makes the networking a little easier because it's not networking. Then it's just asking somebody exactly. Whereas if you think, oh, I've got to network, I must go and talk to people. Then what shall I talk to them about?

Then it's like it feels really false enough. Exactly. It's not that difficult to think of interesting questions. I mean like if you're doing this degree, you're going to have questions. Cuz, It's impossible for everything to make sense. All at once, immediately after Reading a paper or watching a video or someone doing a very quick explanation to even doing a lab.

So yeah, like you're, you're going to have questions. Yeah. So Just have a chat. Okay, I think that's a good point to end on, so um, thank you Rose for coming on the show. We wish you best luck with your new role. You're in Manchester aren't you? So, you're just down the road here.

And good luck with your future career at BNY. Thank you for joining us today. Thank you. Thank you.

